Further changes to AAP on GCP doc (#28)
ansible/aap-docs: stories/topics/proc-aap-gcp-secure-communication-SSL.adoc

[id="proc-aap-gcp-secure-communication-SSL"]

= Securing internal communication with SSL

{AAPonGCP} is deployed with two internal application load balancers, one each in front of the hub and controller instances. 
These external load balancers must be configured with SSL certificates after deployment completes.

[NOTE]
====
Securing traffic through these internal load balancers is different than securing traffic through external load balancers in previous steps. 
This process ensures HTTP traffic is encrypted even when the traffic is localized to private GCP VPCs.
====

. In the GCP console, navigate to the link:https://console.cloud.google.com/net-services/loadbalancing/list/loadBalancers[*Load Balancing*] page.
. In the search bar, enter the name of your stack to filter down to your load balancers.

> We will modify the internal load balancers, which have the suffix int-lb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify the internal load balancers, which have the suffix int-lb
```

For both the controller and hub load balancers, do the following:
. For the {ControllerName} load balancer, which has the format `<DEPLOYMENT_NAME>-aap<cntrlr>-int-lb`
. Click btn:[Edit]. 

> . Click btn:[Frontend configuration]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click btn:[Frontend configuration].
```

. Click btn:[ADD FRONTEND IP AND PORT].
Use the following values:
.. *Protocol*: HTTPS (includes HTTP/2)
.. *Subnetwork*: Select the available aap-subnet
.. *Port*: 443
.. *IP Address*: `<DEPLOYMENT_NAME>-aap<cntrlr/hub>-intl-lb-ip`
. .If you have already added your certificate, select it.

> .. If you have not added your certificate, click btn:[CREATE A NEW CERTIFICATE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. If you have not added your certificate, click btn:[CREATE A NEW CERTIFICATE].
```

> .. Provide a name for your certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Provide a name for your certificate.
```

.. Using your previously generated certificate, copy its contents and paste it under *Certificate*.
.. Using your previously generated certificate key, copy its contents and paste it under *Private Key*.
. Click btn:[Create].

> . Click btn:[Done]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click btn:[Done].
```

.Optional: Delete HTTP Frontend configuration

> . Click btn:[Update], and confirm update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click btn:[Update], and confirm update.
```

. Select *backend service for internal load balancer*

> . Click btn:[Edit]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click btn:[Edit].
```
